(var (x (ref 10))
    (var (y x)
        (var (tmp (wref y 20))
            (+ (deref x) (deref y)))))

1 (ref 10) -> (p_1 , {(p_1 -> 10)})
2 (var (x ... )) -> p_1 = {(x -> p_1)} , h = {(p_1 -> 100}

x -> L1 -> 10
y -> L1 -> 10
    tmp is temporary varible
y -> L1 -> 20

Problem 4: Memory Leak / Unreachable Location
(var (p (ref 1))
    (var (p (ref 2))
        (+ (deref p) 10)))

ref
    p -> L1 -> 1
ref
    p -> l2 -> 2
        REF MAKE SYOU NEW LOCAITON YOU BOZO
deref
    p -> l2 -> 2
    -->
    p -> l1 -> free
    2 + 10 -> 12

memory leak if:
1. l variables are not free at the end of the program
2. a l variable exists but is not accessable

 idid this in a inproper way. to do it correctly you have to do the:
    p = ( * le epic set of variables)
    h = ( * le epic set of l variables)

Problem 5: Side Effects and Evaluation Order
(var (p (ref 5))
    (+ (wref p 10) (deref p)))

ref
p -> l1 -> 5
wref p
p -> l1 -> 10
deref p 
p -> l1 -> 10 
-->
p -> l1 -> free
+ 10 10
20 

p1 = (p -> l1)
h = (l1 = 10

Problem 6: Type Error - Dereferencing a Non-Location
(var (x 42)
    (deref x))

p1 = ( x = 42 )
h1 = ( )
deref x 
    does x lead to a l variable?
        no
    so there's a type error

Problem 7: The ”Use-After-Free” Error (Dangling Pointer)
(var (p (ref 42))
    (var (q p)
        (var (tmp (free p))
            (deref q))))

p1 = ( p -> l1 )
h1 = ( l1 -> 42 )

p2 = ( p -> l1 , q -> l1 )
h2 = ( l1 = 42)

p3 = ( tmp -> p , p -> l1 , q -> l1 )
h3 = ( l1 = 42 )
    idk how to notate what free does. 
    here's a good guess
p4 = ( tmp -> p , p -> 42 , q -> 42 )
h4 = ( l1 = free )

deref q
q doesn't lead to a l variable
so theer's a type error

Problem 8: The ”Double Free” Error
(var (ptr (ref 7))
    (var (tmp1 (free ptr))
        (free ptr)))

p1 = ( ptr -> l1 )
h1 = ( l1 -> 7 )

bro tried to free ptr twice

Problem 9: Functions Returning References (Factory Pattern)

(fun ((make-cell (init)) (ref init))
    (var (c1 (apply (make-cell (5))))
        (var (c2 (apply (make-cell (5))))
            (var (tmp (wref c1 10))
                (+ (deref c1) (deref c2))))))

c1 = (apply (make-call (5) ) )
c1 -> l1 -> 5
c2 -> l2 -> 5

wref
tmp ->
    c1 -> l1 -> 5
    c1 -> l1 -> 10
tmp -> 10

+ (deref c1) (deref c2)
+ 10 5 
15
:-)

do not give heap 'h' it's numerical difference like you do p 
jus tmake it h and as it changes update it
    is there a difference? 
    yes? no? yes? no? 
"







